Adds csi-driver as a projects page (#1013)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/projects/csi-driver.md

---

> title: istio-csr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: csi-driver
```

description: ''
---

csi-driver is a Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver plugin for Kubernetes

> to work along cert-manager. The goal for this plugin is to facilitate requesting
> and mounting certificate key pairs to pods seamlessly. This is useful for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to work along cert-manager. The goal for this plugin is to seamlessly
request and mount certificate key pairs to pods. This is useful for
```

Thought: using the word facilitate twice in quick succession feels a bit clumsy

The following attributes support variables that are evaluated when a request is
made for the mounting Pod. These variables are useful for constructing requests
with SANs that contain values from the mounting Pod.

```
`csi.cert-manager.io/common-name`
`csi.cert-manager.io/dns-names`
`csi.cert-manager.io/uri-sans`
```

Variables follow the [go `os.Expand`](https://pkg.go.dev/os#Expand) structure,
which is generally what you would expect on a UNIX shell. The CSI driver has
access to the following variables:

```
${POD_NAME}
${POD_NAMESPACE}
${POD_UID}
```

#### Example Usage

```yaml
volumeAttributes:
  csi.cert-manager.io/issuer-name: ca-issuer
  csi.cert-manager.io/dns-names: "${POD_NAME}.${POD_NAMESPACE}.svc.cluster.local"
  csi.cert-manager.io/uri-sans: "spiffe://cluster.local/ns/${POD_NAMESPACE}/pod/${POD_NAME}/${POD_UID}"
  csi.cert-manager.io/common-name: "${POD_NAME}.${POD_NAMESPACE}"
```

## Requesting Certificates using the mounting Pod's ServiceAccount

If the flag `--use-token-request` is enabled on the csi-driver DaemonSet, the
[CertificateRequest](../concepts/certificaterequest/) resource will be created
by the mounting Pod's ServiceAccount. This can be pared with

> [approver-policy](./approver-policy/) to enable advanced policy on a per

Reviewer: this link is broken in the deploy preview

Author: This is expected until https://github.com/cert-manager/website/pull/999 merges
